Changelog
---------

There's a frood who really knows where his towel is.

1.4b1 (2016-12-14)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- Fix ``@@updatetilecontent`` view to avoid rendering outdated data.
  [hvelarde]

- Fix ``TypeError`` when changing default image scale on basic tiles (fixes `#686`_).
  [rodfersou]

- Fixed adding a 'more' link in list tiles.
  Previously you could select an item to use as 'more' link,
  but it did not stick.  [maurits]

- The ``replace_with_objects`` method was removed from the list tile;
  use ``replace_with_uuids`` instead.
  [hvelarde]

- "Add Content" button is now shown also in Plone 5.
  [hvelarde]

- Avoid exceptions while using the content chooser in Plone 5.
  [hvelarde]

- Add helper function to get the human representation of a mime-type on Dexterity-based content types.
  This fixed an ``AttributeError`` that was causing an exception on Plone 5.
  [hvelarde]

- We now get the types that use the view action in listings in Plone 5 also.
  [hvelarde]

- ESI support was refactored; now all tiles inherit from ``ESIPersistentTile`` by default.
  [hvelarde]

- Add plone.protect when save layout (fixes `#651`_).
  [rodfersou]

- Use ``pat-modal`` instead of ``prepOverlay`` for Plone 5 (fixes `#641`_).
  [rodfersou]

- Enforce usage of plone.app.tiles >= 1.1.0 to avoid creation of zillions of empty blob files when using versioning (fixes `#532`_, huge HT @datakurre).
  [hvelarde]


1.3b1 (2016-09-12)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. Warning::
    A huge code refactoring was made as part of the removal of the dependency on five.grok.
    The following unused views were removed: ``AddCTWidget``, ``AddTileWidget``, ``SetWidgetMap``, ``UpdateWidget`` and ``RemoveTileWidget``.
    All Compose tab helper views use now ``cmf.ModifyPortalContent`` permission.
    All Layout tab helper views use now ``collective.cover.CanEditLayout`` permission.
    The ``BaseGrid`` class is now located in the ``collective.cover.grids`` module.

- Update Traditional Chinese translation.
  [l34marr]

- Remove dependency on five.grok (closes `#510`_).
  [l34marr, rodfersou]

- Use the `X-Robots-Tag` header to avoid indexing of image scales on default view;
  this will reduce the number of 404 (Not Found) responses generated by crawlers visiting the site in search of volatile content.
  [hvelarde]

- Enforce usage of plone.api >= 1.4.11 to avoid `TypeError` while running upgrade step to profile 14.
  [hvelarde]


1.2b1 (2016-07-04)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

- A new calendar tile was added.
  The tile dislays a calendar that highlights the events taking place on the current month,
  the same way as the standard calendar portlet does.
  [rodfersou]

- Handle `AssertionError` on upgrade step to profile 13 to avoid failures when a cover object has duplicated tiles on it.
  Now, an error message will be logged and the object will be skipped;
  you must manually remove the duplicated tiles (closes #619).
  [hvelarde]


1.1b1 (2016-03-31)
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. Warning::
    This release removes some packages from the list of dependencies.
    Be sure to read the whole changelog and apply the related changes to your buildout configuration while upgrading.
    Also, note that we have reorganized the static resources contained here;
    as some of them are not registered in Resource Registry tools, you could end with a broken layout if you don't clear your intermediate caches.

- Enforce usage of plone.app.blocks 2.2.1 to avoid issues with tiles breaking the whole cover page.
  [hvelarde]

- Add option to select random items in collection tile (closes `#608`_).
  [rodfersou]

- Carousel tile now uses a relative ratio to set its height (fixes `#414`_).
  [terapyon, hvelarde]

- Remove hard dependency on plone.app.referenceablebehavior as Archetypes is no longer the default framework in Plone 5.
  Under Plone < 5.0 you should now explicitly add it to the `eggs` part of your buildout configuration to avoid issues while upgrading.
  [hvelarde]

- Link integrity was refactored to work on all tiles and under Plone 5;
  a hard dependency on Products.Archetypes was removed (fixes `#578`_).
  [hvelarde, rodfersou]

- Do not use the calendar tool to discover Event-like objects as it was removed on Plone 5.
  Instead, try to guess if an object is an Event by using its catalog metadata.
  [hvelarde]

- Package is now also tested with plone.app.contenttypes installed;
  a few bugs related with API incompatibilities among Archetypes and Dexterity were fixed.
  [hvelarde]

- Remove Grok dependency for vocabularies.
  [l34marr]

- You can now use a collection to populate a carousel tile;
  search results without a lead image will be bypassed (fixes `#574`_).
  [rodfersou]

- Shows message to user if an exception is thrown in a tile in AJAX calls. (closes `#581`_).
  [idgserpro]

- Fix date format in collection tiles (closes `#584`_).
  [tcurvelo]

- RichText tile no longer breaks with plone.app.widgets installed (closes `#543`_).
  [frapell, rodfersou]

- Add missing dependency on collective.z3cform.datetimewidget.
  [hvelarde]

- Remove hard dependency on plone.app.stagingbehavior as that package is no longer needed in Plone 5.
  Under Plone < 5.0 you should now explicitly add it to the `eggs` part of your buildout configuration to avoid issues while upgrading.
  [hvelarde]

- Implement drag and drop among tiles (closes `#487`_).
  [rodfersou]

- Clean up static files.
  [rodfersou]


Previous entries can be found in the HISTORY.rst file.


.. _`#414`: https://github.com/collective/collective.cover/issues/414
.. _`#487`: https://github.com/collective/collective.cover/issues/487
.. _`#510`: https://github.com/collective/collective.cover/issues/510
.. _`#532`: https://github.com/collective/collective.cover/issues/532
.. _`#543`: https://github.com/collective/collective.cover/issues/543
.. _`#574`: https://github.com/collective/collective.cover/issues/574
.. _`#578`: https://github.com/collective/collective.cover/issues/578
.. _`#581`: https://github.com/collective/collective.cover/issues/581
.. _`#584`: https://github.com/collective/collective.cover/issues/584
.. _`#608`: https://github.com/collective/collective.cover/issues/608
.. _`#641`: https://github.com/collective/collective.cover/issues/641
.. _`#651`: https://github.com/collective/collective.cover/issues/651
.. _`#686`: https://github.com/collective/collective.cover/issues/686
